Raccoon came to your encampment/base and made everything disorganized.
Raccoon waddled into your base and ate your last chocolate.
Raccoon ate your last cinnamon bun as your back was turned.
Raccoon hungout with your guards and tickled them, and if someone attacked, the guards were distracted them from noticing the attackers.
Raccoon started a rivalry with your donkey after it ate all of its food and didn't share.
Raccoon rode a chariot through your town with two horses named Lefty and Righty. They were placed on the wrong sides of the chariot.
Raccoon was snacking on a banana they found in your bedroom, but failed to throw away the peel. You slipped on it when you got out of bed.
Raccoon found a wild hamster on the outskirts of your town and had a eating competition with it... And accidentally bit the hamster in the process.
Raccoon visited some shrines on behalf of your town and accidentally made a donation to the god of chaos instead of the god of peace and wealth.
Raccoon was rummaging through your things in pursuit of food and accidentally dropped your potion of luck which you had been saving for a rainy day.
Raccoon found your cotton candy and tried to wash it before they ate it...
Raccoon took your prized dagger. Oooo so shiny.
Raccoon met your town's priest and converted them to Satanism.
Raccoon farted on your face while you were sleeping, causing you to have nightmares
Raccoon dabbled in some baking and asked you to try a cookie they made. It gave you diarrhea.
Raccoon tried to slip into your barricaded pantry by wearing a disguise. Somehow they were successful. Your pantry is now a mess.
As you opened your box of chocolate, you realized that Raccoon ate all of the chocolates and replaced them with marbles. A fair trade in their eyes.
You gave broccoli to Raccoon to make them eat healthier. They took one bite and threw up on your shoes.
Raccoon farted while hanging out with you and your guards, and promptly blamed you for the fart. Your guards believed them.
Raccoon gave you a hug, pickpocketing a chocolate you had in your pocket.
Raccoon gave you a package! A package full of food wrappers, that you now recognize were from food that was missing from your pantry.